plugins/README.md, before:

PHP
```php
class Plugin extends \RainLoop\Plugins\AbstractPlugin
{
	public function __construct();

	/** Returns static::NAME */
	public function Name(): string;

	/** Returns /README file contents or static::DESCRIPTION */
	public function Description(): string;

	/** When $bLangs is boolean it sets the value, else returns current value */
	public function UseLangs(?bool $bLangs = null): bool;

	/** When true the result is empty string, else the error message */
	public function Supported(): string;

	/** Initialize settings */
	public function Init(): void;

	public function FilterAppDataPluginSection(bool $bAdmin, bool $bAuth, array &$aConfig): void;

	/** Returns array of all plugin Property options for use in Admin -> Extensions -> Plugin cog wheel */
	protected function configMapping(): array;

	/** With this function you hook to an event
	 * $sHookName see chapter "Hooks" below for available names
	 * $sFunctionName the name of a function in this class
	 */
	final protected function addHook(string $sHookName, string $sFunctionName): self;

	final protected function addCss(string $sFile, bool $bAdminScope = false): self;

	final protected function addJs(string $sFile, bool $bAdminScope = false): self;

	final protected function addTemplate(string $sFile, bool $bAdminScope = false): self;

	final protected function addJsonHook(string $sActionName, string $sFunctionName): self;

	/**
	 * You may register your own service actions.
	 * Url is like /?{actionname}/etc.
	 * Predefined actions of \RainLoop\ServiceActions that can't be registered are:
	 * - admin
	 * - AdminAppData
	 * - AppData
	 * - Append
	 * - Backup
	 * - BadBrowser
	 * - CspReport
	 * - Css
	 * - Json
	 * - Lang
	 * - Mailto
	 * - NoCookie
	 * - NoScript
	 * - Ping
	 * - Plugins
	 * - ProxyExternal
	 * - Raw
	 * - Sso
	 * - Upload
	 * - UploadBackground
	 * - UploadContacts
	 */
	final protected function addPartHook(string $sActionName, string $sFunctionName): self

	final public function Config(): \RainLoop\Config\Plugin;
	final public function Manager(): \RainLoop\Plugins\Manager;
	final public function Path(): string;
	final public function ConfigMap(bool $flatten = false): array;

	/**
	 * Returns result of Actions->DefaultResponse($sFunctionName, $mData) or json_encode($mData)
	 */
	final protected function jsonResponse(string $sFunctionName, $mData): mixed;

	final public function jsonParam(string $sKey, $mDefault = null): mixed;

	final public function getUserSettings(): array;

	final public function saveUserSettings(array $aSettings): bool;
}
```

JavaScript
```javascript
class PluginPopupView extends rl.pluginPopupView
{
	// Happens when DOM is created
	onBuild(dom) {}

	// Happens before showModal()
	beforeShow(...params) {}
	// Happens after showModal()
	onShow(...params) {}
	// Happens after showModal() animation transitionend
	afterShow() {}

	// Happens when user hits Escape or Close key
	// return false to prevent closing, use close() manually
	onClose() {}
	// Happens before animation transitionend
	onHide() {}
	// Happens after animation transitionend
	afterHide() {}
}

PluginPopupView.showModal();
```

# Hooks

```php
$Plugin->addHook('hook.name', 'functionName');
```

## Login

### login.credentials.step-1
	params:
		string &$sEmail

### login.credentials.step-2
	params:
		string &$sEmail
		string &$sPassword

### login.credentials
	params:
		string &$sEmail
		string &$sLogin
		string &$sPassword

### login.success
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\MainAccount $oAccount

## IMAP

### imap.before-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

### imap.after-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

### imap.before-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

### imap.after-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		bool $bSuccess
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

## Sieve

### sieve.before-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

### sieve.after-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

### sieve.before-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

### sieve.after-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		bool $bSuccess
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

## SMTP

### smtp.before-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

### smtp.after-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

### smtp.before-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

### smtp.after-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		bool $bSuccess
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

## Json service actions
Called by RainLoop\ServiceActions::ServiceJson()
{actionname} is one of the RainLoop\Actions::Do{ActionName}(),
or an extension action as "Plugin{ActionName}" added with Plugin::addJsonHook()
and called in JavaScript using rl.pluginRemoteRequest().

### json.before-{actionname}
	params: none

### json.after-{actionname}
	params:
		array &$aResponse

### json.action-post-call
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### json.action-pre-call
	Obsolete, use json.before-{actionname}

### filter.json-response
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

## Others

### filter.account
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.action-params
	params:
		string $sMethodName
		array &$aCurrentActionParams

### filter.app-data
	params:
		bool $bAdmin
		array &$aAppData

### filter.application-config
	params:
		\RainLoop\Config\Application $oConfig

### filter.build-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens before send/save message

### filter.build-read-receipt-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.domain
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Domain $oDomain

### filter.fabrica
	params:
		string $sName
		mixed &$mResult
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.http-paths
	params:
		array &$aPaths

### filter.message-html
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sTextConverted

	Happens before send/save message

### filter.message-plain
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sTextConverted

	Happens before send/save message

### filter.message-rcpt
	Called by DoSendMessage and DoSendReadReceiptMessage
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\EmailCollection $oRcpt

### filter.read-receipt-message-plain
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sText

### filter.result-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens when reading message

### filter.save-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens before save message

### filter.send-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens before send message

### filter.send-message-stream
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		resource &$rMessageStream
		int &$iMessageStreamSize

### filter.send-read-receipt-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.smtp-from
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sFrom

### filter.smtp-hidden-rcpt
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		array &$aHiddenRcpt

### filter.smtp-message-stream
	Called by DoSendMessage and DoSendReadReceiptMessage
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		resource &$rMessageStream
		int &$iMessageStreamSize

### filter.upload-response
	params:
		array &$aResponse

### json.attachments
	params:
		\SnappyMail\AttachmentsAction $oData

### json.suggestions-input-parameters
	params:
		string &$sQuery
		int &$iLimit
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### main.content-security-policy
	params:
		\SnappyMail\HTTP\CSP $oCSP

	Allows you to edit the policy, like:
	`$oCSP->script[] = "'strict-dynamic'";`

### main.default-response
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### main.default-response-data
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### main.default-response-error-data
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### main.fabrica
	params:
		string $sName
		mixed &$mResult

### service.app-delay-start-begin
	no params

### service.app-delay-start-end
	no params

# JavaScript Events

## mailbox
### mailbox.inbox-unread-count
### mailbox.message-list.selector.go-up
### mailbox.message-list.selector.go-down

### mailbox.message.show
	Use to show a specific message.
``` JavaScript
	dispatchEvent(
		new CustomEvent(
			'mailbox.message.show',
			{
				detail: {
					folder: 'INBOX',
					uid: 1
				},
				cancelable: false
			}
		)
	);
```

## audio
### audio.start
### audio.stop
### audio.api.stop
## Misc
### rl-layout
	event.detail value is one of:
	0. NoPreview
	1. SidePreview
	2. BottomPreview

### rl-view-model.create
	event.detail = the ViewModel class
	Happens immediately after the ViewModel constructor

### rl-view-model
	event.detail = the ViewModel class
	Happens after the full build (vm.onBuild()) and contains viewModelDom

### sm-admin-login
	event.detail = FormData
	cancelable using preventDefault()
### sm-admin-login-response
	event.detail = { error: int, data: {JSON response} }
### sm-user-login
	event.detail = FormData
	cancelable using preventDefault()
### sm-user-login-response
	event.detail = { error: int, data: {JSON response} }

### sm-show-screen
	event.detail = 'screenname'
	cancelable using preventDefault()

### squire-toolbar
	event.detail = { squire: SquireUI, actions: object }
	`actions` is the toolbar structure.
	```javascript
	block-of-buttons: {
		button-name: {
			select: ['selectbox options'],
			html: 'button text',
			cmd: () => `command to execute`,
			key: 'keyboard shortcut',
			matches: 'HTML elements that match'
		}
	}
	```
	See [SquireUI.js](https://github.com/the-djmaze/snappymail/blob/master/dev/External/SquireUI.js)
	for all default toolbar actions.

# JavaScript `rl` object

## rl.Enums.StorageResultType
### rl.Enums.StorageResultType.Abort
### rl.Enums.StorageResultType.Error
### rl.Enums.StorageResultType.Success

## rl.​Utils.htmlToPlain(html)
Converts HTML to text

## rl.Utils.plainToHtml(plain)
Converts text to HTML

## rl.addSettingsViewModel(SettingsViewModelClass, template, labelName, route)​
Examples in
* ./change-password/js/ChangePasswordUserSettings.js
* ./example/js/ExampleUserSettings.js
* ./kolab/js/settings.js
* ./two-factor-auth/js/TwoFactorAuthSettings.js

## rl.addSettingsViewModelForAdmin(SettingsViewModelClass, template, labelName, route)​
Examples in
* ./example/js/ExampleAdminSettings.js:34:	rl.addSettingsViewModelForAdmin(ExampleAdminSettings, 'ExampleAdminSettingsTab',

## rl.adminArea()​
Returns true or false when in '?admin' area

## rl.app.Remote.abort(action)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.get(action, url)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.getPublicKey(fCallback)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.post(action, fTrigger, params, timeOut)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.request(action, fCallback, params, iTimeout, sGetAdd)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.setTrigger(trigger, value)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.streamPerLine(fCallback, sGetAdd, postData)

## rl.app.folderList
A knockout observable array of all folders/mailboxes

## rl.fetch(resource, init, postData)​

## rl.fetchJSON(resource, init, postData)​

## rl.i18n(key, valueList, defaulValue)​

## rl.loadScript(src)​

## rl.logoutReload(url)​

## rl.pluginPopupView
class AbstractViewPopup

## rl.pluginRemoteRequest(callback, action, parameters, timeout)​

## rl.pluginSettingsGet(pluginSection, name)​

## rl.registerWYSIWYG(name, construct)​

## rl.route.root()

## rl.route.reload()

## rl.route.off()

## rl.setTitle(title)​

## rl.settings.get(name)

## rl.settings.set(name, value)

## rl.settings.app(name)

Commit message:

Different solution to use Nextcloud languages #1293

plugins/README.md, after:

PHP
```php
class Plugin extends \RainLoop\Plugins\AbstractPlugin
{
	public function __construct();

	/** Returns static::NAME */
	public function Name(): string;

	/** Returns /README file contents or static::DESCRIPTION */
	public function Description(): string;

	/** When $bLangs is boolean it sets the value, else returns current value */
	public function UseLangs(?bool $bLangs = null): bool;

	/** When true the result is empty string, else the error message */
	public function Supported(): string;

	/** Initialize settings */
	public function Init(): void;

	public function FilterAppDataPluginSection(bool $bAdmin, bool $bAuth, array &$aConfig): void;

	/** Returns array of all plugin Property options for use in Admin -> Extensions -> Plugin cog wheel */
	protected function configMapping(): array;

	/** With this function you hook to an event
	 * $sHookName see chapter "Hooks" below for available names
	 * $sFunctionName the name of a function in this class
	 */
	final protected function addHook(string $sHookName, string $sFunctionName): self;

	final protected function addCss(string $sFile, bool $bAdminScope = false): self;

	final protected function addJs(string $sFile, bool $bAdminScope = false): self;

	final protected function addTemplate(string $sFile, bool $bAdminScope = false): self;

	final protected function addJsonHook(string $sActionName, string $sFunctionName): self;

	/**
	 * You may register your own service actions.
	 * Url is like /?{actionname}/etc.
	 * Predefined actions of \RainLoop\ServiceActions that can't be registered are:
	 * - admin
	 * - AdminAppData
	 * - AppData
	 * - Append
	 * - Backup
	 * - BadBrowser
	 * - CspReport
	 * - Css
	 * - Json
	 * - Lang
	 * - Mailto
	 * - NoCookie
	 * - NoScript
	 * - Ping
	 * - Plugins
	 * - ProxyExternal
	 * - Raw
	 * - Sso
	 * - Upload
	 * - UploadBackground
	 * - UploadContacts
	 */
	final protected function addPartHook(string $sActionName, string $sFunctionName): self

	final public function Config(): \RainLoop\Config\Plugin;
	final public function Manager(): \RainLoop\Plugins\Manager;
	final public function Path(): string;
	final public function ConfigMap(bool $flatten = false): array;

	/**
	 * Returns result of Actions->DefaultResponse($sFunctionName, $mData) or json_encode($mData)
	 */
	final protected function jsonResponse(string $sFunctionName, $mData): mixed;

	final public function jsonParam(string $sKey, $mDefault = null): mixed;

	final public function getUserSettings(): array;

	final public function saveUserSettings(array $aSettings): bool;
}
```

JavaScript
```javascript
class PluginPopupView extends rl.pluginPopupView
{
	// Happens when DOM is created
	onBuild(dom) {}

	// Happens before showModal()
	beforeShow(...params) {}
	// Happens after showModal()
	onShow(...params) {}
	// Happens after showModal() animation transitionend
	afterShow() {}

	// Happens when user hits Escape or Close key
	// return false to prevent closing, use close() manually
	onClose() {}
	// Happens before animation transitionend
	onHide() {}
	// Happens after animation transitionend
	afterHide() {}
}

PluginPopupView.showModal();
```

# Hooks

```php
$Plugin->addHook('hook.name', 'functionName');
```

## Login

### login.credentials.step-1
	params:
		string &$sEmail

### login.credentials.step-2
	params:
		string &$sEmail
		string &$sPassword

### login.credentials
	params:
		string &$sEmail
		string &$sLogin
		string &$sPassword

### login.success
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\MainAccount $oAccount

## IMAP

### imap.before-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

### imap.after-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

### imap.before-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

### imap.after-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Imap\ImapClient $oImapClient
		bool $bSuccess
		\MailSo\Imap\Settings $oSettings

## Sieve

### sieve.before-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

### sieve.after-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

### sieve.before-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

### sieve.after-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Sieve\SieveClient $oSieveClient
		bool $bSuccess
		\MailSo\Sieve\Settings $oSettings

## SMTP

### smtp.before-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

### smtp.after-connect
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

### smtp.before-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

### smtp.after-login
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Smtp\SmtpClient $oSmtpClient
		bool $bSuccess
		\MailSo\Smtp\Settings $oSettings

## Json service actions
Called by RainLoop\ServiceActions::ServiceJson()
{actionname} is one of the RainLoop\Actions::Do{ActionName}(),
or an extension action as "Plugin{ActionName}" added with Plugin::addJsonHook()
and called in JavaScript using rl.pluginRemoteRequest().

### json.before-{actionname}
	params: none

### json.after-{actionname}
	params:
		array &$aResponse

### json.action-post-call
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### json.action-pre-call
	Obsolete, use json.before-{actionname}

### filter.json-response
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

## Others

### filter.account
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.action-params
	params:
		string $sMethodName
		array &$aCurrentActionParams

### filter.app-data
	params:
		bool $bAdmin
		array &$aAppData

### filter.application-config
	params:
		\RainLoop\Config\Application $oConfig

### filter.build-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens before send/save message

### filter.build-read-receipt-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.domain
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Domain $oDomain

### filter.fabrica
	params:
		string $sName
		mixed &$mResult
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.http-paths
	params:
		array &$aPaths

### filter.language
	params:
		string &$sLanguage
		bool $bAdmin

	Allows you to set a different language

### filter.message-html
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sTextConverted

	Happens before send/save message

### filter.message-plain
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sTextConverted

	Happens before send/save message

### filter.message-rcpt
	Called by DoSendMessage and DoSendReadReceiptMessage
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\EmailCollection $oRcpt

### filter.read-receipt-message-plain
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sText

### filter.result-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens when reading message

### filter.save-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens before save message

### filter.send-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage

	Happens before send message

### filter.send-message-stream
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		resource &$rMessageStream
		int &$iMessageStreamSize

### filter.send-read-receipt-message
	params:
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### filter.smtp-from
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		string &$sFrom

### filter.smtp-hidden-rcpt
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		\MailSo\Mime\Message $oMessage
		array &$aHiddenRcpt

### filter.smtp-message-stream
	Called by DoSendMessage and DoSendReadReceiptMessage
	params:
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount
		resource &$rMessageStream
		int &$iMessageStreamSize

### filter.upload-response
	params:
		array &$aResponse

### json.attachments
	params:
		\SnappyMail\AttachmentsAction $oData

### json.suggestions-input-parameters
	params:
		string &$sQuery
		int &$iLimit
		\RainLoop\Model\Account $oAccount

### main.content-security-policy
	params:
		\SnappyMail\HTTP\CSP $oCSP

	Allows you to edit the policy, like:
	`$oCSP->script[] = "'strict-dynamic'";`

### main.default-response
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### main.default-response-data
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### main.default-response-error-data
	Obsolete, use json.after-{actionname}

### main.fabrica
	params:
		string $sName
		mixed &$mResult

### service.app-delay-start-begin
	no params

### service.app-delay-start-end
	no params

# JavaScript Events

## mailbox
### mailbox.inbox-unread-count
### mailbox.message-list.selector.go-up
### mailbox.message-list.selector.go-down

### mailbox.message.show
	Use to show a specific message.
``` JavaScript
	dispatchEvent(
		new CustomEvent(
			'mailbox.message.show',
			{
				detail: {
					folder: 'INBOX',
					uid: 1
				},
				cancelable: false
			}
		)
	);
```

## audio
### audio.start
### audio.stop
### audio.api.stop
## Misc
### rl-layout
	event.detail value is one of:
	0. NoPreview
	1. SidePreview
	2. BottomPreview

### rl-view-model.create
	event.detail = the ViewModel class
	Happens immediately after the ViewModel constructor

### rl-view-model
	event.detail = the ViewModel class
	Happens after the full build (vm.onBuild()) and contains viewModelDom

### sm-admin-login
	event.detail = FormData
	cancelable using preventDefault()
### sm-admin-login-response
	event.detail = { error: int, data: {JSON response} }
### sm-user-login
	event.detail = FormData
	cancelable using preventDefault()
### sm-user-login-response
	event.detail = { error: int, data: {JSON response} }

### sm-show-screen
	event.detail = 'screenname'
	cancelable using preventDefault()

### squire-toolbar
	event.detail = { squire: SquireUI, actions: object }
	`actions` is the toolbar structure.
	```javascript
	block-of-buttons: {
		button-name: {
			select: ['selectbox options'],
			html: 'button text',
			cmd: () => `command to execute`,
			key: 'keyboard shortcut',
			matches: 'HTML elements that match'
		}
	}
	```
	See [SquireUI.js](https://github.com/the-djmaze/snappymail/blob/master/dev/External/SquireUI.js)
	for all default toolbar actions.

# JavaScript `rl` object

## rl.Enums.StorageResultType
### rl.Enums.StorageResultType.Abort
### rl.Enums.StorageResultType.Error
### rl.Enums.StorageResultType.Success

## rl.​Utils.htmlToPlain(html)
Converts HTML to text

## rl.Utils.plainToHtml(plain)
Converts text to HTML

## rl.addSettingsViewModel(SettingsViewModelClass, template, labelName, route)​
Examples in
* ./change-password/js/ChangePasswordUserSettings.js
* ./example/js/ExampleUserSettings.js
* ./kolab/js/settings.js
* ./two-factor-auth/js/TwoFactorAuthSettings.js

## rl.addSettingsViewModelForAdmin(SettingsViewModelClass, template, labelName, route)​
Examples in
* ./example/js/ExampleAdminSettings.js:34:	rl.addSettingsViewModelForAdmin(ExampleAdminSettings, 'ExampleAdminSettingsTab',

## rl.adminArea()​
Returns true or false when in '?admin' area

## rl.app.Remote.abort(action)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.get(action, url)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.getPublicKey(fCallback)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.post(action, fTrigger, params, timeOut)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.request(action, fCallback, params, iTimeout, sGetAdd)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.setTrigger(trigger, value)​​​​​

## rl.app.Remote.streamPerLine(fCallback, sGetAdd, postData)

## rl.app.folderList
A knockout observable array of all folders/mailboxes

## rl.fetch(resource, init, postData)​

## rl.fetchJSON(resource, init, postData)​

## rl.i18n(key, valueList, defaulValue)​

## rl.loadScript(src)​

## rl.logoutReload(url)​

## rl.pluginPopupView
class AbstractViewPopup

## rl.pluginRemoteRequest(callback, action, parameters, timeout)​

## rl.pluginSettingsGet(pluginSection, name)​

## rl.registerWYSIWYG(name, construct)​

## rl.route.root()

## rl.route.reload()

## rl.route.off()

## rl.setTitle(title)​

## rl.settings.get(name)

## rl.settings.set(name, value)

## rl.settings.app(name)
