plugins/proxy-auth/README.md, before:

# SnappyMail Proxy Auth

This plugin allows to authenticate a user through the remote user header, effectively allowing single-sign on.
This is achieved through "master user"-like functionality.

## Example Configuration

The exact setup depends on your mailserver, reverse proxy, authentication solution, etc.
The following example is for Traefik with Authelia and Dovecot as mailserver.

### SnappyMail

The following steps are require in SnappyMail:

- To open SnappyMail through a reverse proxy server, make sure to enable the correct secfetch policies: ```mode=navigate,dest=document,site=cross-site,user=true``` in the admin panel -> Config -> Security -> secfetch_allow.
- Activate plugin in admin panel -> Extensions
- Configure the plugin with the required data:
   - Master User Separator is dependent on Dovecot config (see below)
   - Master User is dependent on Dovecot config (see below)
   - Master User Password is dependent on Dovecot config (see below)
   - Header Name is dependent on authentication solution. This is the header containing the name of currently logged in user. In case of Authelia, this is "Remote-User".
   - Check Proxy: Since this plugin partially bypasses authentication, it is important to only allow this access from well-defined hosts. It is highly recommended to activate this option!
   - When checking for reverse proxy, it is required to set the IP filter to either an IP address or a subnet.

This concludes the setup of SnappyMail.

### Dovecot

In Dovecot, you need to enable Master User.
Enable ```!include auth-master.conf.ext``` in /etc/dovecot/conf.d/10-auth.conf.
The file /etc/dovecot/conf.d/auth-master.conf.ext should contain:
```
# Authentication for master users. Included from auth.conf.

# By adding master=yes setting inside a passdb you make the passdb a list
# of "master users", who can log in as anyone else.
# <doc/wiki/Authentication.MasterUsers.txt>

# Example master user passdb using passwd-file. You can use any passdb though.
passdb {
  driver = passwd-file
  master = yes
  args = /etc/dovecot/master-users

  # Unless you're using PAM, you probably still want the destination user to
  # be looked up from passdb that it really exists. pass=yes does that.
  pass = yes
}
```

You then need to create a master user in /etc/dovecot/master-users:
```
admin:PASSWORD
```
where the encrypted password ```PASSWORD``` can be created from a cleartext password with ```doveadm pw -s CRYPT```.
It should start with ```{CRYPT}```.
Username and password need to configured in the SnappyMail ProxyAuth plugin (see above).

Additionally, you need to set the master user separator in /etc/dovecot/conf.d/10-auth.conf, e.g., ```auth_master_user_separator = *```.
The separator needs to be configured in the SnappyMail ProxyAuth plugin (see above).

## Test

Once configured correctly, you should be able to access SnappyMail through your reverse proxy at ```https://snappymail.tld/?ProxyAuth```.
If your reverse proxy provides the username in the configured header (e.g., Remote-User), you will automatically be logged in to your account.
If not, you will be redirected to the login page.

Commit message:

documented auto login, improved security documentation

plugins/proxy-auth/README.md, after:

# SnappyMail Proxy Auth

This plugin allows to authenticate a user through the remote user header, effectively allowing single-sign on.
This is achieved through "master user"-like functionality.

## Example Configuration

The exact setup depends on your mailserver, reverse proxy, authentication solution, etc.
The following example is for Traefik with Authelia and Dovecot as mailserver.

### SnappyMail

The following steps are require in SnappyMail:

- To open SnappyMail through a reverse proxy server (with redirect of authentication system), make sure to enable the correct secfetch policies: ```mode=navigate,dest=document,site=cross-site,user=true;mode=navigate,dest=document,site=same-site,user=true``` in the admin panel -> Config -> Security -> secfetch_allow.
- Activate plugin in admin panel -> Extensions
- Configure the plugin with the required data:
   - Master User Separator is dependent on Dovecot config (see below)
   - Master User is dependent on Dovecot config (see below)
   - Master User Password is dependent on Dovecot config (see below)
   - Header Name is dependent on authentication solution. This is the header containing the name of currently logged in user. In case of Authelia, this is "Remote-User".
   - Check Proxy: Since this plugin partially bypasses authentication, it is important to only allow this access from well-defined hosts. It is highly recommended to activate this option!
   - When checking for reverse proxy, it is required to set the IP filter to either an IP address or a subnet.
   - Automatic Login: Automatically logs in the user of user header is present (see below)

This concludes the setup of SnappyMail.

### Dovecot

In Dovecot, you need to enable Master User.
Enable ```!include auth-master.conf.ext``` in /etc/dovecot/conf.d/10-auth.conf.
The file /etc/dovecot/conf.d/auth-master.conf.ext should contain:
```
# Authentication for master users. Included from auth.conf.

# By adding master=yes setting inside a passdb you make the passdb a list
# of "master users", who can log in as anyone else.
# <doc/wiki/Authentication.MasterUsers.txt>

# Example master user passdb using passwd-file. You can use any passdb though.
passdb {
  driver = passwd-file
  master = yes
  args = /etc/dovecot/master-users

  # Unless you're using PAM, you probably still want the destination user to
  # be looked up from passdb that it really exists. pass=yes does that.
  pass = yes
}
```

You then need to create a master user in /etc/dovecot/master-users:
```
admin:PASSWORD::::::allow_nets=local,172.17.0.0/16
```
where the encrypted password ```PASSWORD``` can be created from a cleartext password with ```doveadm pw -s CRYPT```.
It should start with ```{CRYPT}```.
Username and password need to configured in the SnappyMail ProxyAuth plugin (see above).

You likely also want to limit the access by an IP address filter, e.g., to ```local,172.17.0.0/16```, if you are running Postfix (```local```) and within a default Docker environment (```172.17.0.0/16```).
Otherwise, master user login (assuming password is known) is possible from every connectable system.
This is an unnecessary security risk.

Additionally, you need to set the master user separator in /etc/dovecot/conf.d/10-auth.conf, e.g., ```auth_master_user_separator = *```.
The separator needs to be configured in the SnappyMail ProxyAuth plugin (see above).

## Test

Once configured correctly, you should be able to access SnappyMail through your reverse proxy at ```https://snappymail.tld/?ProxyAuth```.
If your reverse proxy provides the username in the configured header (e.g., Remote-User), you will automatically be logged in to your account.
If not, you will be redirected to the login page.

## Automatic Login

By default, automatic login is activated.
Behind the scenes, this checks for the existence of the configured user header (through ```/?UserHeaderSet```) and automatically redirects to ```https://snappymail.tld/?ProxyAuth```, trying to log in the user.
Note that due to this implementation, logout is impossible, as once logged out, the user will automatically be logged in again.
The user is always considered logged in, as authentication is handled through reverse proxy and authentication system.

Auto login can be disabled in the plugin settings.
